== Copyright

Copyright (C) 2013 Michael Owens. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted under the terms of the Apache License Version 2.0, the contents of
which are included in the LICENSE file bundled with this source distribution. It
is also available on line here:

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0.txt

The Apache license is a balance between the GPL and the BSD license: it permits
the use of this code in closed, commercial works. It is also compatible with
with GPL. It is your responsibility to read and fully understand the rights and
restrictions accorded you by this license.

== Attributions

This source distribution includes or links to code from other works, all of
which are identified in the Attributes section below. ALL CODE FROM ALL OTHER
SOURCES IS EITHER BSD, PUBLIC DOMAIN OR IN THE WORSE CASE LGPL (GNU Lesser
General Public License) CODE. THERE IS NO GPL CODE IN THIS LIBRARY. This means
that you may use it in closed source, commercial works as well. Use of this code
is subject to their respective copyrights and licenses.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 Files request.h/.cpp server.h/.cpp process.h/.cpp
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

All of theses file originate from the mod_cplusplus project, the code of which
is is subject to the following copyright (BSD License):

Copyright (c) 2001 John K. Sterling.  All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions
are met:

 1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

 2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in
    the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
    distribution.

 3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution,
    if any, must include the following acknowledgment:
       "This product includes software developed by
        John K. Sterling (john@sterls.com) for use in the Apache 
        Project (http://www.apache.org)"
    Alternately, this acknowledgment may appear in the software itself,
    if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments normally appear.

 4. The names "mod cplusplus", "mod_cplusplus", "modcplusplus" 
    "John Sterling" and "John K. Sterling" must not be used to endorse 
    or promote products derived from this software without prior 
    written permission. For written permission, please contact 
    John K. Sterling (john@sterls.com).

 5. Products derived from this software may not be called "mod cplusplus",
    "modcplusplus", or "mod_cplusplus", nor may "mod cplusplus", 
    "modcplusplus" or "mod_cplusplus" appear in their name, without prior 
    written permission of John K Sterling (john@sterls.com).

 6. Redistributions of any form whatsoever must retain the following
    acknowledgment:
    "This product includes software developed by John K. Sterling
     (john@sterls.com) for use in the mod_cplusplus module for
     the Apache Web Server (http://www.apache.org)"

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 File apache/apr.cpp : 
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Code from this files uses portions of the Apache Portable Runtime, which is
subject to the Apache license, located in the file APACHE-2.0.txt in this
folder.

NOTE: that this license, while liberal, is still not known to be compatible with
the GPL. See the following for more information:

http://www.apache.org/licenses/GPL-compatibility.html

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 File apache/apr.cpp : Function rmdir()
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This code was taken from subversion and is subject to the following copyright:

This license applies to all portions of Subversion which are not
externally-maintained libraries (e.g. apr/, apr-util/, and neon/).  Such
libraries have their own licenses; we recommend you read them, as their terms
may differ from the terms below.

This is version 1 of this license.  It is also available online at
http://subversion.tigris.org/license-1.html.  If newer versions of this license
are posted there (the same URL, but with the version number incremented:
.../license-2.html, .../license-3.html, and so on), you may use a newer version
instead, at your option.

Copyright (c) 2000-2004 CollabNet.  All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. The end-user documentation included with the redistribution, if any, must
   include the following acknowledgment: "This product includes software developed
   by CollabNet (http://www.Collab.Net/)."  Alternately, this acknowledgment may
   appear in the software itself, if and wherever such third-party acknowledgments
   normally appear.

4. The hosted project names must not be used to endorse or promote products
   derived from this software without prior written permission. For written
   permission, please contact info@collab.net.

5. Products derived from this software may not use the "Tigris" name
   nor may "Tigris" appear in their names without prior written permission of
   CollabNet.

